updating Plotly to Chart Studio in _posts/dashboards-spectacle, _posts/financial, and _posts/fundamentals (#436)
plotly/plotly.github.io: _posts/fundamentals/2016-08-02-security.md

---
permalink: /security/
title: Chart Studio Security
layout: single_new
title: Chart Studio Security Vulnerability Bounty Program
support: true
---

> Chart Studio welcomes reports of serious security issues that substantially affect the confidentiality or integrity of user data. If you believe you have found a serious security vulnerability, please email <security@plot.ly> with steps to reproduce the problem. Please allow up to 24 hours for an initial response, or more on weekends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plotly welcomes reports of serious security issues that substantially affect the confidentiality or integrity of user data. If you believe you have found a serious security vulnerability, please email <security@plot.ly> with steps to reproduce the problem. Please allow up to 24 hours for an initial response, or more on weekends.
```

> [Chart Studio Security Advisories](http://help.plot.ly/security-advisories/) have their own page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Plotly Security Advisories](http://help.plot.ly/security-advisories/) have their own page.
```

* Issues found through automated testing
* Open ports, unless they can be exploited to compromise the confidentiality or integrity of user data.
* Publicly-released bugs in internet software within 3 days of their disclosure
* "Advisory" or "Informational" reports that do not include any Chart Studio-specific testing or context
* Denial of Service (DOS) attacks
* Spam or Social Engineering techniques, including SPF and DKIM issues. We do not plan on implementing DMARC at this time.
* Issues relating to Password Policy or session lengths
* Full-Path Disclosure on any property
* Version number information disclosure
* Reports related to HTTP headers or server configuration that aren't actually exploitable (e.g. HSTS configuration, Host header redirects)

> * Bypasses of the "paywall" features (requiring a paid account to access certain features) in Chart Studio online tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bypasses of the "paywall" features (requiring a paid account to access certain features) in Plotly online tools
```

## Scope

> Subject to the restrictions outlined elsewhere in this document, Chart Studio pays bounties for issues in the following scopes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subject to the restrictions outlined elsewhere in this document, Plotly pays bounties for issues in the following scopes:
```

* All issues affecting confidentiality of user data or security of user accounts on [Chart Studio Cloud](https://plot.ly/), excluding test or staging servers unless real user data is exposed.
* Issues in any other service running on a `plot.ly` subdomain that could be used to attack Chart Studio Cloud.

> * All issues affecting confidentiality of user data or security of user accounts in [Chart Studio On-Premise](https://plot.ly/product/enterprise/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All issues affecting confidentiality of user data or security of user accounts in [Chart Studio Enterprise](https://plot.ly/product/enterprise/).
```

> * We are also interested in hearing about security issues in the [plotly.js Open Source graphing library](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/), but note that we don't pay bounties unless the issue affects Chart Studio Cloud or Chart Studio On-Premise. (Note that most XSS issues that can be exploited using the plot JSON _will_ affect these sites.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We are also interested in hearing about security issues in the [plotly.js Open Source graphing library](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/), but note that we don't pay bounties unless the issue affects Chart Studio Cloud or Chart Studio Enterprise. (Note that most XSS issues that can be exploited using the plot JSON _will_ affect these sites.)
```

## Additional legal terms

> By participating in Chart Studio's Bug Bounty program (the "Program"), you acknowledge that you have read and agree to Chart Studio's [terms of service](https://plot.ly/terms-of-service/) as well as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By participating in Plotly's Bug Bounty program (the "Program"), you acknowledge that you have read and agree to Plotly's [terms of service](https://plot.ly/terms-of-service/) as well as the following:
```

* You’re not participating from a country against which the United States has issued export sanctions or other trade restrictions, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Sudan and Syria.
* Your participation in the Program will not violate any law applicable to you, or disrupt or compromise any data that is not your own.
* You are solely responsible for any applicable taxes, withholding or otherwise, arising from or relating to your participation in the Program, including from any bounty payments.

> * Chart Studio reserves the right to modify, terminate or discontinue the Program at its discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plotly reserves the right to modify, terminate or discontinue the Program at its discretion.
```
